# Block-Shooter-Game
**Block Shooter** is a  2D "top-down" shooter game created using Unity (originally in the 2019 version, but it has been updated to 2020).<br/><br/>
**NOTE:** The BS_Game.app is the "PC, Mac & Linux Standalone" build that is generated by Unity. Hence, you can click on the .app file to this to play the game on PCs and Macs. 

**Play Instructions:** 
- Once the BS_Game file has been opened, you will come across the main menu which has a Start, Instructions and Quit button. 
- You can visit the ***Instructions*** to learn more about how to play, but the game design is quite clean and easy to use, so playing directly should not be a problem.
- As of right now, there are **10** playable levels present in the game. 

**Project Instructions**
- This repository contains all files you need to create your own (additional) Block Shooter levels or customize the existing ones by changing the design in whatever way you prefer. 
- All of the "relevant" files are in the Assets directory which has been organized in a clean and comprehensive manner. 
- Particularly, the **major** cateogories that the files have been divided into are: 
  - **Prefabs**: contains all game objects (blocks, ships, lasers, etc). 
  - **Scripts**: contains all source files that control the behaviour of all game objects as well as the game flow itself. 
  - **Scenes**: contains all files corresponding to game scenes (all levels, main menu, "lose" scene, etc). 
  - **Sounds**: contains the audio files that were used to create various sound effects in the game. **Note** that all of the audio files are in **.OGG** format!
  - **Sprites**: contains the **templates** for all of the game objects that were used in the game (and extras --> which can be great if you want to add your own variations to the game!). 
  - **TextMeshPro**: contains all files corresponding to various font sizes + designs that were used in game. 

